My name is Q. I'm a high school student.
When I was young, people always said that I was good-looking.
That's why my mom wanted me to become an actor.
She let me participate in many competitions, and I won a lot of prizes.
But I never won first place in anything.
That's because my effort makes me a loser.
However, in every life, there is a turning point.
And this is the beginning that changes a loser like me.
This is my mom.
She used to be an accountant.
Now, she sells baked goods online.
Apart from my mom and me, there is Uncle Man.
He is...
Shit!
my mom's brother, who's always here to help her bake.
You little brat!
After you finish eating, go help Uncle Man put all these desserts in the car.
Oh! After school, don't forget to go to my friend's office for an audition.
She's looking for a leading man for the music video.
You must go.
Yes, Ma'am.
Actually, I've been through so many auditions already.
I never get the part.
You have to be patient.
If you can't wait, do you want to do the TikTok dance with me?
You can do that alone.
I'm not a good dancer like you.
But I'm more handsome.
Right...
Oh, Q. Do you know who Mook Beauty is?
She's in the same school as you. Can you ask her to review my bakery products? Look!
Look!
This girl!
She's so famous!
I look at all of her clips. I follow her too.
- Can you ask her for a review?
- You guys are in the same school?
I don't know.
She doesn't look familiar to me.
I'll ask Toy and Frank for you.
That's great!
You should go to school now. Are you done? You'll be late.
Man, drop him off first and go to deliver this later.
Let's go.
(Congratulations)
Hey!
What are you staring at?
This is my best friend. His name is Frank.
He was the school representative for the national academic competition.
Actually, it should be me.
But...
(Mr. Pratchaya Pratchayakul)
Frank!
But I lost to him during the qualifying round.
I lost again!
(Frank)
Here we go again.
I get to be the school representative! Be happy for me!
Hello, Q!
Hello, Q.
Q!
What are you thinking about?
This girl is in our school? Why don't I recognize her?
Where on earth have you been?
She is so popular now.
By the way, where's Toy? Is he here?
Good morning!
This is Toy.
He's good at sports. He can also play musical instruments.
He's interested in everything except...
his studies.
But that's not a problem because he's the only student under the sports quota for graduate studies.
Actually, we are on the same sports team.
Hello, you guys are here with me again, Mook, The Content Creator.
Today, I'm going to show you my everyday makeup looks.
This is Mook. She's a twelfth grader. She is also a 'net idol.'
She's so famous right now.
She has like a million followers. She gets paid to review so many products.
She's the face of our school.
She is a twelfth grader?
She looks like a graduate student.
You're not the only one. I thought so, too, when I first watched her clip.
But she looks totally different in real life.
Actually...
she's really cute when you see her in person.
What a pity.
What for?
It's a pity you're not nominated to be the SSEAYP delegate.
(SSEAYP stands for Ship for Southeast Asian and Japanese Youth Programme)
If you did, you would get to do a photoshoot with her.
Exactly.
Why didn't they choose me?
It would be weird if you get it.
The person who was chosen can speak English fluently.
Also, you're not eighteen yet.
Why did you suddenly ask about her? Is it because...
What the hell?
My mom is interested because she wants Mook to review her bakery products.
I guess it will be hard to do that.
You don't have enough money to hire her.
Unless...
Unless what?
Why don't you hit on her? Maybe she will review the products for free.
No way! She's not my type.
What is your type then?
I don't know.
But if I meet the right person,
my heart will tell me.
Frank, give me a a vomit bag.
Is it because she's older than you?
But I think dating an older woman is good.
Older women are not whinny and silly.
And also...
They know how to please you.
Frank!
You're exaggerating. She's only one year older.
And you, Q. Do you think she would date a guy like you?
She might like me if she sees my handsome face.
Why am I so handsome?
Where did they go?
(Grade 12 / Room 2)
Have you finished your homework?
Hello.
I want to thank you.
Oh, it's no big deal.
You've helped our school by becoming the school representative for the PR campaign.
I'm glad that I can help our school before I graduate.
I saw the news that you won a Net Idol Rising Star award.
Do you have to go to the awards ceremony?
Yes.
But don't worry! I can assure you that it won't interrupt my studies.
Oh no! I'm not worried about that.
By the way...
Nawapol is not here today?
Why are you looking for him?
I want you to take him with you.
I heard that the ceremony would be broadcast live on many platforms.
You and Nawapol are our school representatives.
I want you two to live stream or something.
Say something about school, or maybe you can say thank you to our school on the stage.
Oh! I see...
That's why.
I will ask X. I mean, I'll ask Nawapol about it.
Goodbye.
Wait! Don't sit yet.
Yes?
My child is a big fan of yours. So, can I take a selfie with you?
Oh! Of course.
Sure.
Alright.
- Let's make the mini heart gesture.
- Okay! Sure!
Hey! Mook. What's up?
You're free to come to class today?
I always come to class. But I guess you never noticed me.
That's because I'm out of your sight.
What am I supposed to say then?
Should I tell you that you're always in my heart?
Maybe you can try to say that.
What are you taking pictures of? You're so concentrated.
Oh, just random stuff.
I might use these images when I join the SSEAYP delegates.
(SSEAYP stands for Ship for Southeast Asian and Japanese Youth Programme)
I see.
Oh, right! I heard that you won an award, right?
Yeah! I come to see you because of this.
Yeah?
I want to ask you to come with me.
What? Why are you asking me? I'm not a net idol like you.
If I go with you and your fans start to scream my name instead,
you might lose confidence.
Right! You're very handsome!
Actually, it's because of the principal. He wants us to continue with the PR campaign to promote our school.
That's why I'm here to ask you...
Do you have time for me?
So, you want me to go with you because of the principal's request?
No! I was going to ask you anway.
Do you want to come? It'll be fun to walk on the red carpet.
Fine.
When is it?
Er... It's around three weeks from today.
It will be on the 21st of next month.
21st of next month.
So, that means...
Toy.
The class is over?
Yeah!
Can you come with me?
I don't want to be alone while waiting for my turn to audition.
How should we go there?
Only one person can ride the pillion.
You guys can go. I have an extra class after school.
Frank!
You're ditching us!
All you care about is studying.
Please come with me.
We can go there by taxi and Toy can ride his own motorcycle.
I'll treat you to a meal after I finish casting.
I can't.
My tutor is a graduate student. My mom already made an appointment with her.
If I don't go, I will be doomed.
Fine! It's up to you.
Alright.
I'll walk you out and wait for you to get a taxi.
Let's go.
As for you,
you must come with me, Toy.
It's not like I have a choice.
You must come with me.
I have to drop you off anyway.
Taxi!
Hey!
He just cut in line!
Your mom already called me. Please wait here.
There are a few people before you who come for casting as well.
Are you here for casting too?
Oh, no. I'm not good at acting.
Dude!
You've come to audition so often that they can remember your entire family now?
She's my mom's friend.
Oh!
Actually, I've come here so many times already.
But I couldn't get any job.
By the way, what do you have to do in the audition?
- Introduce myself.
- Aha!
- Face the camera.
- Turn from side to side.
- Aha!
It depends on what they want me to do.
Whoa! That's dope, man.
I need to pee.
- I'll be right back.
- Alright.
I'll leave my bag here.
I'll look after it for you.
Hey!
What the hell?
I'm all wet!
What are you looking at?
You've never seen it?
I have.
But I've never seen one that is so...
Anyway, I'm sorry.
Hey! Wait! We need to talk!
What are you doing down there?
Do you need my help?
Go away!
Were you unable to hold your pee? Or did you just forget to give it a few shakes?
You don't know what I had to go through.
The person who got me into this mess
is that dude who stole Frank's taxi.
Oh!
You mean X?
You know him?
You're the only one who doesn't know anything.
Everyone in our school knows him.
He's handsome.
He's smart.
Are you serious? Everyone knows him?
Yeah! He was on the photo shoot with Mook to promote our school.
He's the delegate to join the Ship for Southeast Asian and Japanese Youth Program.
He can speak English fluently.
Also... he walked past me just now.
What happened? Did you bully him?
I bullied him?
Did you even consider that it might be him who bullied me?
Oho!
That could never happen. He's very polite.
It's you! Don't try to deny it.
Whatever! Help me solve this problem first. What should I do?
Yes, I've arrived.
You already told the tutor that I'm waiting, right?
Her name is Mind. She's a medical student.
She has my number, right?
Okay. I'll buy a drink for her.
Alright. Okay.
- Just a minute, sir.
- Okay.
Cocoa and green tea, 100 baht.
Er...
I'm sorry, but this seat is already taken.
Where am I supposed to sit then?
Eh? Why don't you sit somewhere else?
Can't you see my stuff is on the chair?
Are you sure that you want me to sit somewhere else?
Yes, I'm sure. It's a logical thing to do.
Do you know who I am?
- Do I have to know who you are?
- Exactly!
You don't know who I am, and I don't know who you are.
What if the person that I have an appointment with comes? Where should she sit?
Fine! I won't sit. I will stand instead.
You talk too much. Just give me that.
What's wrong with you?
Stop.
Hello.
Are you...
Frank?
Oh, yes.
You are...
I'm sorry.
Sit down.
Okay.
You have to finish it before someone comes in and sees us.
What are you guys doing?
Q, hold your audition number and face the camera.
And then I'll let you act with X.
I guess both of you are familiar with each other since you two come from the same school.
Thank you.
If you're ready, Q can start a fight with X.
The situation is like X takes a girl that you like out. You see them holding hands right in front of you.
You can improvise. Okay?
Of course. I'll give you my best shot.
Hey!
How dare you? You're so happy, huh?
What are you talking about? I don't understand.
I'm talking about...
Mook.
You took her out yesterday!
You were holding hands while crossing the streets. Did you think no one would see you?
Oh...
Holding hands while crossing the streets?
What's wrong with that?
It's a normal thing to do.
So, you finally admit it!
Mook is my girlfriend!
You're humiliating me by doing that.
A person like you...
I'll teach you a lesson!
You like to assume things, don't you?
You're so angry just because you saw me holding her hands.
If you see me hug her
or kiss her cheek,
I guess you will...
How dare you!
You hugged and kissed her too?
That's right.
I did that right in front of her mother too.
How could you do that in front of her mother?
I could do that.
Because...
she's only three years old.
I don't think you should have a girlfriend who's that young.
Three years old?
Er... Well...
Okay, cut! That's enough.
X, you're so good! I mean, both of you did well.
Will you let go of my hand?